add stdsim and stdstats (#3)
UtrechtUniversity/awesome-utrecht-university: README.md

- [PuReGoMe](https://github.com/puregome/notebooks) - Notebooks of the PuReGoMe Project of the Netherlands eScience Center and Utrecht University.
- [Saliency-Tubes-Visual-Explanations-for-Spatio-Temporal-Convolutions](https://github.com/alexandrosstergiou/Saliency-Tubes-Visual-Explanations-for-Spatio-Temporal-Convolutions) - Implementation of Saliency Tubes for 3D Convolutions in Pytoch and Keras to localise the focus spatio-temporal regions of 3D CNNs.
- [SoftPool](https://github.com/alexandrosstergiou/SoftPool) - Code for approximated exponential maximum pooling.

> [stdstats](https://github.com/japhir/stdstats) - Simulation and plotting code for "Optimizing the use of carbonate standards to minimize uncertainties in clumped isotope data"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [stdstats](https://github.com/japhir/stdstats) - Simulation and plotting code for "Optimizing the use of carbonate standards to minimize uncertainties in clumped isotope data"
```
My bad, I missed the list symbol. After this change it's good to merge!

> - [stdsim](https://github.com/japhir/stdsim/) - R package for Simulating Clumped Isotope standard statistics, associated [stdstats](https://github.com/japhir/stdstats) code that accompanies the paper:Kocken, I. J., Müller, I. A., & Ziegler, M. (2019). Optimizing the use of carbonate standards to minimize uncertainties in clumped isotope data. Geochemistry, Geophysics, Geosystems, 20, 5565– 5577. https://doi.org/10.1029/2019GC008545 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[stdstats](https://github.com/japhir/stdstats) - Simulation and plotting code for "Optimizing the use of carbonate standards to minimize uncertainties in clumped isotope data"
```
We would suggest to add stdstats instead after a license has been added. We opened an issue in the corresponding repository.
Optionally, also look at a possible Zenodo publication https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/archiving-a-github-repository/referencing-and-citing-content

Thank you for the contribution!
